
# Week 4 Challenge - to create an online Guestbook

REQUIREMENTS
------------

You have been asked by your client to create an online Guestbook. It will allow guests to
sign, and allow everyone else to see all the messages that have been posted.

Build an application that allows users to add posts and list all posts.

**Your client has requested specifically for a unified look across all your pages. 
Your program manager has made these styling mandatory:**

- Same navigation bar across all pages. You must implement thymeleaf fragments for this.
- In the navigation bar, give your app a name (eg. "Taylor&Oscar's Wedding")
- Each button must have meaningful names (ie. "Home" is fine. "Link1" or "Page1" is not.)
- Include a footer with the newlyweds' names and year of their wedding.
- No posts can have empty values in ANY of their fields.

**Each post should have, at the very least:**
- name
- date
- wishes
- post id number (generated by the system, not by the user/poster).

**Features/Functionalities:**

- The home page ("/") path should be the cover of the guestbook (show image and title of your application). Make it pretty for the newlyweds.
- Every page (or template) should have link (or button) to the add path
("/add") which will lead to the new post form
- Use a collection (arrays, array list, hash maps, etc) to store all posts
- Add Bootstrap and styling to make your pages look Professional.
- Don't forget about the README.md.
- Once your application is working, put it on GitHub.
- Submit your GitHub repository link.

**Done Already?**

- Add an appropriately-sized image to your navigation bar as a clickable link to your home page.
- The user should be able to update and view single posts on their own page.


Heroku link: https://radiant-thicket-66743.herokuapp.com/
